---
layout: post
title:  "Why .de?"
subtitle: "Bist du Deutscher?"
date:   2019-09-10 12:34:01
categories: [meta]
---
# Why not .com or .co.uk?
So I'll start of by answering the more specific question I get all the time, which is why don't I just use .com or .co.uk?
Well, the simple answer is, I really want that too, and I would if I could. The situation right now is that there's two separate companies parking Amrik.co.uk and Amrik.com and any attempts to contact these companies seems to go unnoticed, I would be willing to buy these domain names too, but I just get ignored! The ironic part is that one of the companies specialises in naming companies, but they won't let me buy my own name! So that's the long and short of it, I would use those domains if I could purchase them, I try every few months to contact the companies but to no avail.

# So why .de?

When I started this blog I'd just returned from Germany and it was one of the best years of my life, I fell in love with the city I was staying in and was really motivated to keep learning the language and one day eventually return, so naturally .de came straight to mind when I was thinking about which top level I was going to settle for, not only that, I thought that Amrik.de had a nice ring to it compared to the other options I had, and so I decided why not.

# Why not "Something Else".com

I've thought about this a lot and ultimately I've concluded this blog is going to be primarily somewhere for me to share my opinions and my own experiences and as such, I think having my name as the domain is very fitting. Not to mention, I think it's short and snappy and not too difficult for people to remember.
